Fix: Evaluating `#_` prefixed forms (#3143)
BetterThanTomorrow/calva: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

> - Fix: [Evaluating `#_`-prefixed forms](https://github.com/BetterThanTomorrow/calva/issues/3144)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix: [Option-Return at the end of an expression prefixed with #_ is no longer triggering evaluation](https://github.com/BetterThanTomorrow/calva/issues/3144)
```

Reviewer: Rationale: Good issue titles (like the one you wrote) describe the problem. The Changelog is a log of problems solved.
